Datasources: Introduce `response_limit` for datasource responses (#38962)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/administration/configuration.md

If enabled and user is not anonymous, data proxy will add X-Grafana-User header with username into the request. Default is `false`.

### response_limit

> Adds limit for the response bytes, after http data source request. Default is `1000000`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Limit the amount of bytes that will be read/accepted from responses of outgoing HTTP requests. Default is `0` which means disabled.
```

> Adds limit for the response bytes, after http data source request. Default is `1000000`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Adds limit for the response bytes after an HTTP data source request. Default is `1000000`.
```

Author: @achatterjee-grafana, that's an outdated version, pushed some commits after that, could you please check again? 🙏 
Thanks!
